Write readme file for test-frame with usage and examples (#31)
skodjob/test-frame: README.md

# TEST-FRAME

> Library for easy testing of kubernetes deployments and operators using fabric8 api.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Library for easy testing of Kubernetes deployments and operators using Fabric8 API.
```

[![Build](https://github.com/skodjob/test-frame/actions/workflows/build.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/skodjob/test-frame/actions/workflows/build.yaml)
[![Publish-snapshot](https://github.com/skodjob/test-frame/actions/workflows/publish-snapshot.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/skodjob/test-frame/actions/workflows/publish-snapshot.yaml)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

## Provided functionality
### Kubernetes resource manager
[KubeResoruceManager](test-frame-common/src/main/java/io/skodjob/testframe/resources/KubeResourceManager.java) provides management of resources created during test phases.

> Every kubernetes resource created by `KubeResoruceManager` is automatically deleted in case of test end or test failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every Kubernetes resource created by `KubeResoruceManager` is automatically deleted after at the end of the test - no matter if the test passed or failed.
```

> Every kubernetes resource created by `KubeResoruceManager` is automatically deleted in case of test end or test failed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every Kubernetes resource created by `KubeResoruceManager` is automatically deleted at the end of the test, whether the test passed or failed.
```

> So kubernetes environment is clean before and after every test run and user do not need to handle it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So the Kubernetes environment is clean before and after every test run and user do not need to handle it.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
So Kubernetes environment is clean before and after every test run, and the user does not need to handle it.
```

> Working with kubernetes resources using `KubeResoruceManager` also provides proper waiting for resource readiness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Working with Kubernetes resources using `KubeResoruceManager` also provides proper wait for resource readiness.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Working with Kubernetes resources using `KubeResoruceManager` also provides proper wait mechanism for resource readiness.
```

> ### Fabric8 kubernetes client and cmd client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fabric8 Kubernetes client and CMD client
```

> Instance of `KubeResoruceManager` contains accessible fabric8 kubernetes client and kubernetes cmd client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instance of `KubeResoruceManager` contains accessible Fabric8 Kubernetes client and Kubernetes CMD client.
```

> These clients are initialized and connected to the test cluster based on configuration provided by env file, env variables or kubeconfig.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These clients are initialized and connected to the test cluster based on the configuration provided by the env file, env variables, or kubeconfig.
```

### Test visual separation

> For better reading test logs library provides ASCII vial separation of tests and test classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For better readability of the test logs, the library provides ASCII vial separation of tests and test classes.
```

> For better reading test logs library provides ASCII vial separation of tests and test classes.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For better clarity regarding the test logs, `TestFrame` library provides ASCII vial separation of tests and test classes.
```

### Utils

> `TestFrame` contains also tweaks and utils for better working with kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`TestFrame` contains tweaks and utils for better working with Kubernetes cluster.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`TestFrame` also contains tweaks and utilities for better kubernetes cluster managment.
```

> 

Reviewer: extra lines

## Usage

> 1. Include dependency to your maven test project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Include dependency to your Maven test project
```

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>io.skodjob</groupId>
    <artifactId>test-frame-common</artifactId>
</dependency>
```

> 2. Use annotations for working with `KubeResoruceManager` or other provided functionality

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use annotations for working with `KubeResourceManager` or other provided functionality
```

Reviewer: `KubeResourceManager` applies to all other places as well.

```java
//...
@ResourceManager
@TestVisualSeparator
class Test {
    //...
}
//...
```
3. Work with `KubeResoruceManager` and clients
```java
//...
@ResourceManager
class Test {
    @Test
    void testMethod() {
        KubeResourceManager.getInstance().createResourceWithWait(
                new NamespaceBuilder().withNewMetadata().withName("test").endMetadata().build());
        assertNotNull(KubeResourceManager.getKubeCmdClient().get("namespace", "test"));
    }
}
//...
```

## Examples
Examples are stored in [test-frame-test](test-frame-test/src/test/java/io/skodjob/testframe/test/integration) module.

> 

Reviewer: extra line

## Config environment variables

> * **ENV_FILE** - path to yaml file with env variables values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **ENV_FILE** - path to YAML file with env variables values
```

* **KUBE_USERNAME** - user of the cluster

> * **KUBE_PASSWORD** - password of kube user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **KUBE_PASSWORD** - password of Kube user
```

> * **KUBE_TOKEN** - token of kube access (use instead of username/password)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **KUBE_TOKEN** - token of Kube access (use instead of username/password)
```

> * **KUBE_URL** - url of the cluster (api url)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **KUBE_URL** - URL of the cluster (API URL)
```
